docs:#1284 edit index pages (#1325)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/labs/shared/_cautions.mdx

:::caution
- Lab features may be tied to specific product release versions and are not supported in production deployments.

> - Lab features are subject to change and may not become available in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lab features are subject to change and may become unavailable in future releases.
```

Author: I changed this to "may not be available in future releases"
